[#21157][DocDb]: Fix load_balancer_max_over_replicated_tablets description to reflect per-table status (#24406)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/reference/configuration/yb-master.md

##### --load_balancer_max_over_replicated_tablets

> Specifies the maximum number of running tablet replicas that are allowed to be over the configured replication factor per table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the maximum number of running tablet replicas per table that are allowed beyond the configured replication factor. For example, if RF=3 and this flag is set to 3, you can have 6 tablet replicas per table.
```
